it's yet 750 and this is the life now
let's count it's about 30 people already
look at that guy running away trying to
cut the line 750 in the morning and what
are you guys looking to get today
yeah oh wow you're really going all out
so tell us what happened tell me what
happened what did we met here later yeah
they're cutting you caught someone
cutting and then and then and then what
happened
get to the back ladies walking in no no
no you're not
honey
fell with lots of shoes go with lots of
Ferragamo whoa you're getting a laugh oh
I love minutes sample sales nothing
better what'd you guys find what'd you
guys find what'd you guys find what'd
you guys find
oh I just want everyone in our below to
just get a view of how many people are
in here this is crazy go Ferragamo you
deserve